Explicitly state that Java SE impl of CDI has to be Full implementation. (#539)
eclipse-ee4j/cdi: spec/src/main/asciidoc/javase/javase.asciidoc

--
This part of the document specifies additional rules and features when using CDI in Java SE.
All content defined in <<part_1>> applies to this part.

> Therefore, any implementation of CDI in Java SE has to be built on top of {cdi_full}.

Reviewer: Well implementations of CDI Lite are also in Java SE :-) The name of this chapter is hard to use frankly.

I'd say something like:

```suggestion
In particular, implementations must provide support for the entire {cdi_full} specification.
Support for CDI in Java SE that only requires {cdi_lite} may be added in subsequent versions of CDI.
```

2nd line being optional of course :-)
